over the next few decades to it to the pressure on the gold class
set with creating that on the water
basta 3 50 hectares be classified four expats the explosion of the
demography
and then we know that we will become more and more valuable during
and definitive Indian on the one hand because the world population 1 how do we
is in France reached at the end of 2005 conceive 9 billion people
be pretty huge the example
more and more requests
ahern needs water for agriculture to feed those people
in terms of going back to climate change in hot coffee
no
which makes it more and more drought
it's in perfect Canada have the most lowered strength to a decree supposed
in north-pas-de-calais refers so we were really the object of attacks
huge greed
but this country has attacked the neighbor and we got up the united states which indoor
and our memory of euros% are already windows and droughts the air
coming in at the finish with climate change
no the rest belong to us because it's a world heritage that
belongs to everyone
in private preparation for example the neighbors he raised to breathe and to the
crisis a turning point because android build local town hall erasing like
the hand of this collective way that belongs to all human beings
or is it rather for me it is surely territory
belongs to me and saint-saulve
add all have no more and more magic
the united states are one thing but the very poor lanta type countries
necessarily a dream the eraser will run to pay for the water they are
very much affected by climate change will end up abusing
from paris mep
so they will be able to test his reflexes and the hand
the same sector the facts are very very delicate
in the sense because the same caste make interrupting a separate stop apart at
climate change to global warming
it can be expected that the level of land will decrease and
she more than hot announced at the same time it's pissing in our
county it's hot water evaporates it must make crazy promise earlier
for business to raise the level
with the big lakes it's the same thing as if the rct champion
lyon is the bait
also worries less a place a lot of galleys
for the birthday - hearing it come to an end
that's it's going to thaw more quickly before the cover of
to classify their - barrard appeared face to the ground but could be equipped to bring
so more than the climate warms up the level of cra lake beast
and we must not forget also that on one side in the aisle level of
Aoste kinks its decline because of evaporation
so water that is rare
mom's sailors it's the end
aminu but on their side the sessions to keep the scrs side of services
of erdf
the cedeao is the islam achraf rifi launched a small effort
% of that side all sides and his family
the standard could remain with climate change the levels of
mayors of the canton
using on the one hand because it is expected that glaciers and
icecaps which is for example
on the Kremlin
or by an ap ford aside we did not think about flins defends the old
manceau would be catastrophic and sea level would rise I think at 65
in the village
by the employees also devastated
to magnetize and two hours pat still troubling
the salty waters in shape right now it's pretty much at the level of china
what annoys me the most suffered and on that side
this side did badly - and so kiki who made a mandate on this side
expects the hostas women after what she writes pataquès
in Quebec
so it can party to 50 years completely water sources
drinking more can be drawn from this swell could see it because the salt water
before trying to launch it is very very technologically
it's very expensive
so it stops and my family
a source at the drinking dh
in quebec we are and we are in canada
we are champions and a waste of water so the sea in memory a lot to
a job in the first round and knowledge is
let it flow for a minute before getting an excellent painting
and we know how to deal with consequences because it was my youngest
euros
hilla 120 employees to a patron of sewage treatment we thought
that once there still missing there was a ring to use this
honor
cool but hesitant to create a job in the sewers and then at the end
of all that there were fears of elected officials who are responsible for decontaminating
the water
at 8 pm to 1 pm and 8 pm at the start of the school year on Tuesday with the poor
population
she was so he was expelled delayed 15 minutes the penguins are
diluted
and in addition it is a series was going to look for columérins
bring about a cleansing of the water
so at the end of this cancer too with more polluted looks in the river
so these encounters or bb does that we have more polluted water
to the fact that it is German exchanges to classify ford has nevertheless left stone
moynet gaddafa source
valence found with her
- and tribal drinking water for the used this trade mark
essential
bourges